(Actions) Add Python expressions support for workflow automation (#34148)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/workflows/expressions/python.md

---
title: Python Expressions
description: Capabilities and limits of Python expressions in App Builder
code_lang: python
type: multi-code-lang
code_lang_weight: 20
---

> The Python function action allows you to write custom Python scripts for data transformations, parsing, and payload enrichment within your workflows. Python provides additional capabilities beyond JavaScript for certain use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python function action lets you write custom Python scripts for data transformations, parsing, and payload enrichment within your workflows. Python provides additional capabilities beyond JavaScript for certain use cases.
```
Also, not sure the last sentence is necessary. It seems a little vague, since we don't actually specify the additional things that Python lets you do vs. JavaScript. Maybe that's implied in the Script Examples below, but if so that's a bit subtle. If this is an important distinction to keep, I'd beef up the sentence and name some specific capabilities, but otherwise I think it'd be OK to omit.
